dialogs = [

"DONKEY Please, dont turn me in. Ill never be stubborn again. I can change. Please Give me another chance",
"DONKEY OH",
"DONKEY Hey I can fly",
"DONKEY Ha, ha Thats right, fool Now Im a flying, talking donkey. You might have seen a housefly,maybe even a superfly but I bet you aint never seen a donkey fly. Ha, ha",
"DONKEY Can I say something to you? Listen, you was really, really, really somethin back here Incredible",
"DONKEY Yes. I was talkin to you. Can I tell you that you that you was great back here? Those guards They thought they was all of that. Then you showed up, and bam They was trippin over themselves like babes in the woods. That really made me feel good to see that",
"DONKEY Man, its good to be free.",
"DONKEY But, uh, I don't have any friends. And I'm not goin' out there by myself. Hey, wait a minute! I got a great idea! I'll stick with you. You're mean, green, fightin' machine. Together we'll scare the spit out of anybody that crosses us",
"DONKEY Oh, wow! That was really scary. If you don't mind me sayin', if that don't work, your breath certainly will get the job done, 'cause you definitely need some Tic Tacs or something, 'cause you breath stinks! You almost burned the hair outta my nose, just like the time...(Shrek covers his mouth but Donkey continues to talk, so Shrek removes his hand.) ...then I ate some rotten berries. I had strong gases leaking out of my butt that day",
"DONKEY I'll tell you why. (singing) 'Cause I'm all alone, There's no one here beside me, My problems have all gone, There's no one to deride me, But you gotta have faith ", 
"DONKEY Wow. Only a true friend would be that cruelly honest",
"DONKEY really tall?",
"DONKEY Nope" ,
"DONKEY Really, really",
"DONKEY Man, I like you. What's you name?",
"DONKEY Shrek? Well, you know what I like about you, Shrek? You got that kind of I-don't-care-what-nobodythinks-of-me thing. I like that. I respect that, Shrek. You all right. (They come over a hill and you can see Shrek's cottage.) Whoa! Look at that. Who'd want to live in place like that?",
"DONKEY Oh! And it is lovely! Just beautiful. You know you are quite a decorator. It's amazing what you've done with such a modest budget. I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder. I guess you don't entertain much, do you?",
"DONKEY  You know, I do too. That's another \
thing we have in common. Like I \
hate it when you got somebody in \
your face. You've trying to give \
them a hint, and they won't leave. There's that awkward silence. (awkward silence) Can I stay with \
you?",
"DONKEY Can I stay with you, please?",
"DONKEY Really?",
"DONKEY Please! I don't wanna go back there! You don't know what it's like to be considered a freak. (pause while he looks at Shrek) Well, maybe you do. But that's why we gotta stick together. You gotta let me stay! Please! Please!",
"DONKEY Ah! Thank you!", 
"DONKEY This is gonna be fun! We can stay up late, swappin' manly stories, and in the mornin' I'm makin' waffle"
"DONKEY Where do, uh, I sleep?",
"DONKEY Oh, well, I guess that's cool. I mean, I don't know you, and you don't know me, so I guess outside is best, you know. Here I go. Goodnight. I mean, I do like theoutdoors. I'm a donkey. I was bornoutside. I'll just be sitting by myself outside, I guess, you know. By myself, outside. I'm all alone...there's no one here beside me",
"DONKEY I am outside",
"DONKEY Hey, don't look at me. I didn't invite them",
"DONKEY Oh, I do. I know where he is",
"DONKEY Me! Me!",
"DONKEY Oh! Oh, pick me! Oh, I know! I know! Me, me!",
"DONKEY All right, that's what I like to hear, man. Shrek and Donkey, two stalwart friends, off on a whirlwind big-city adventure. I love it!",
"DONKEY On the road again. Sing it with me, Shrek. I can't wait to get on the road again.",
"DONKEY Can I whistle?,Can I hum it?", 
"DONKEY But that's it. That's it right there. That's DuLoc. I told ya I'd find it.",
"DONKEY Uh-huh. That's the place.",
"DONKEY Hey, wait. Wait up, Shrek.",
"DONKEY Hey, look at this!", 
"DONKEY Wow! Let's do that again! (makes ready to run over and pull the lever again)"

]
